Morning.
Looks like Igarashi-chan got up on
the wrong side of the bed this morning.
Isn't she always like that?
What should I do? Last night I drank too
much and said something I didn't mean...
Why couldn't I be your wife?
Wh-Wh-Wh-What the heck am I saying?!
What should I do? What should I do?
Hey, are you all right?
I-I feel sick...
Don't puke here!
I'm going to throw up!
Hold it in! We're going to the restroom!
I wish I could erase the whole thing
from my memory...
There's no way I'd want
to be Takeda-senpai's wife!
I've got to take back what I said...
Takeda-san!
Good morning.
Morning, Sakurai!
Yo, Igarashi!
G... G... Greetings! How are you?
Huh?
How are you, Takeda-kun?
Fine, I guess.
Igarashi, what's wrong?
N-Nothing!
I can't do this here!
I'll try again at lunch!
"Episode 2:
Udon with the Occasional Full Moon"
Takeda-kun, care to join me for lunch?
That sounds good!
Darn!
E-Excuse me!
Yeah?
Ah... er... um...
Oh, that's right!
I forgot I had an urgent
matter to attend to.
Takeda-kun, I'm sorry.
We'll have lunch together next time.
Igarashi, want to get something to eat?
Sure.
"Soba"
You mean to tell me you're still upset
about what happened last night?!
Guess that's why you had such a pained
look on your face all morning!
Don't laugh so much!
It's really annoying! Stop it!
Sorry, sorry.
Well, it's nothing to worry about.
It's not?
No. Because I knew
it was the liquor talking.
Looking after his drunk kouhai
is part of a senpai's job, you know?
Sorry to have caused you so much trouble.
No worries. Now let's eat
before our noodles get limp.
Is this... a good thing?
I don't know, somehow... somehow...
Oh, heavenly angel!
Oh, divine goddess!
Fate has brought our paths together!
I must go up and talk
with them right now...
Okay, but eat your ramen first.
Oh, would you look at her?
Her perfect figure!
Her long, silky hair!
Her graceful and charming walk!
It's...
...Sakurai-san! Outside the office,
her high class stands out even more.
No wonder she's the most
popular lady in the office.
What a lovely smile...
No matter how many times I ask her out,
she always politely declines
with that lovely smile of hers.
It's not just you, Hijikata.
Huh? What?
Kazama, did you ask her out, too?
Like I could!
She's way out of our league.
None of us has got a chance.
Well, I for one am not giving up!
Since she turns me down for drinks,
I'm going to ask her out for dinner first.
None of the guys has even gotten that far.
I wonder what kind of guy
she'd say "yes" to.
"Limp Ramen Noodles Maki Maki"
Thanks for your business!
Hey, it's you guys!
Takeda-san. Igarashi-chan.
Let me see if I can remember here...
Hello there, Koishi-san.
It's Ooishi. Did the two of you
have lunch together as usual?
Yeah, today we went to a soba shop.
You guys really are close, huh?
Wha--?!
You're being rude, Koishi.
It's Ooishi.
There's nothing going on between
Takeda-senpai and me except
what goes on between
any senpai and kouhai!
Yeah, come to think of it...
Whenever I see the two
of you side by side,
you look just like a father and daugh--
Hey!
If we don't get a move on, we won't
have time to grab some coffee.
Yeah, you're right.
See you back at the office!
Sure!
Those three are pretty close, huh?
Senpai?
Yeah?
Do others really only look at me
and think I'm your daughter?
Oh, who cares what they think?
Let's kick some butt this afternoon!
Hey, quit it! That's exactly what
gives people the wrong idea!
Honestly...
It doesn't matter how others see us.
It's got nothing to do with work.
But...
Maybe... Senpai doesn't
see me as a real woman...
"Soy Milk"
Sakurai-san, you've got big ones, right?
Huh?!
Tell me. Is there some kind of trick
to making them bigger?
Some kind of trick?
Futaba-chan, I think you're
the cutest just the way you are.
Don't give me that! You big-breasted
women just don't understand!
Today's homework was so hard.
"Elementary School"
You said it!
"Junior High School"
"High School"
The haves will never understand
the pain of the have-nots!
But it's not so easy when they're big...
And besides, I don't think Takeda-san
cares about that sort of thing.
But I at least want mine
to be average-sized.
Why did you bring up
Takeda-senpai all of a sudden?!
He's got nothing to do with this!
No, of course he doesn't.
Oh, enough already!
Senpai, I'm taking off now.
Looks like you're in a hurry.
You got some stuff to do?
Today after work, I'm going
shopping with a friend.
I see. Well, be careful!
All right.
Try not to get lost or anything.
I'm not a kid, you know!
Honestly...
Hey, Gorgeous. You free?
Uh, excuse me, Gorgeous?
You wanna get a bite to...
Hey, you listening to me?
Natsumi!
Sorry to keep you waiting!
Thanks for coming out this far.
I got some running in, so no worries.
Excuse me...
Ow-ow-ow!
Think he'll be okay?
Oh, he'll be fine.
Before we go shopping,
let's pop by the arcade.
Okay.
Her breasts, huh... That explains it.
Natsumi, I see you haven't lost
your touch at arcade games.
Guess not.
We're doing a promotion now!
Please, take one!
These cute bear buns are really soft!
We're giving them away!
They must be getting rid of their stock...
No thank you...
Wow!
I'll take two!
Okay, thank you!
Futaba, you really like
that kind of stuff, don't you?
They're so cute.
H-Hey, Natsumi?
Yeah?
There are some outfits that caught my eye.
Do you mind if I go try them on?
Go right ahead. I'll be waiting.
W-With these in there,
I look surprisingly ladylike... don't I?
Are you finished trying stuff on?
Oh, how cute!
Futaba, I'd just love to get
some more pics of you being cute.
What a haul!
Keep those in there
until you get home, okay?
Kill me now! Please!
Say, Futaba, you dating someone?
Huh? Wh-Why do you ask?
Somehow I thought you might be...
Well, I'm not! I'm not dating anyone!
My job is everything to me right now!
Is there someone at work
you can't stop thinking about?
I'm telling you, there's not.
Okay, see you later! Next time I want
to hear all about that special someone.
I told you, there's no one like that!
Darn! I should have taken them out after
I said goodbye to her at the train station.
But as long as nobody I know
sees me like this, I guess...
Please watch your step.
The doors on the right side will open.
Yeah, that last dunk was pretty awesome...
Wh-Wh-Why, of all people,
does it have to be these two?!
The train sways as we pass over a curve.
Please be careful.
They haven't spotted me, have they?
I'll just stay like this until they leave...
Oh, are you all right?
I'm fine, thanks...
Say, is that you, Igarashi?
Wait, I remember now. You said you were
going shopping with a friend, didn't you?
Y-Yes, well... That's right...
So, what'd you buy?
Um... clothes... and stuff.
What did you do?
We went to see Kazama's
kouhai play basketball.
Next time, you want to come with?
I don't know much about sports...
Okay, well, this is our stop.
See you!
O-Okay.
Takeda-san?
Yeah?
Did you notice anything unusual
about Igarashi-chan just now?
Well...
Nope, not particularly.
You're kidding, right?
He didn't even laugh... He didn't
notice them in the first place...
This proves it.
Takeda-senpai doesn't see me
as a woman at all...
♪ I forgot the words... ♪
"Futaba"
It's Futaba calling!
Hello, Futaba! It's not every day
that I get a call from you, eh?
Grandpa...
Wh-What's wrong, Futaba? Are you crying?!
There's something I want
to ask you, Grandpa...
What is it? Go on, Futaba, ask! Ask away!
Grandpa, what would you think
if my breasts got bigger all of a sudden?
Wh-What are you talking about?
Well, actually...
A lot of stuff happened today,
and my breasts got bigger
for a little while.
What?
And my friend didn't even notice...
What do you think, Grandpa?
Huh?
My darling granddaughter, who rarely
ever calls, is asking me for advice!
As her grandfather, I've got to give her
some strong words of encouragement.
Futaba, your appeal consists
of more than just your breasts.
I'm sure your friend is so dazzled by you
that he doesn't care how small your--
Futaba? You there?
Darn... The battery's dead...
I know it's not Takeda-senpai's fault...
So, why am I so upset, then?
I've got to hand it to you, Sakurai-san!
These data tables are amazing
and so easy to read!
They're no big deal. And anyway,
it's my job to make them.
They certainly are a big deal. I'm so glad
I asked you to make them, Sakurai-san.
Let me thank you by taking you out.
Won't you join me for drinks tonight?
I'm sorry, but I have
other plans this evening.
Well, what about tomorrow, then?
Tell me which night you're free.
When would be okay with you?
Sakurai-san?
You've got a phone call!
I'll be right there!
Excuse me, I've got to take that call.
Thank you for waiting. This is Sakurai.
Hello?
Um... uh... How are you?
Kazama-kun?
Sorry. Wrong number.
Sakurai-san? Is something wrong?
I just got the strangest
wrong number call.
That's awful!
You can barely reach it...
Want me to lift you up?
Oh, be quiet!
That's no way to talk to a lady!
You meant "girl," right?
--Please watch your step.
The doors on the right side will open.
--What did you say?!
--Please watch your step.
The doors on the right side will open.
Huh?
Hold on there!
L-Let go of me!
Excuse me!
I said, "Let go!"
Senpai!
Quit trying to put up a fight.
What do you think you're doing?!
Huh? A camera?
This creep was taking
candid shots up your skirt.
Really?!
F-Forgive me.
No. What you did is inexcusable.
Takeda-senpai, I didn't know
you practiced judo.
Yeah. Pretty cool, huh?
I'm a red and white belt.
Sorry, I don't know much
about belts and stuff.
When I was a student,
I trained pretty hard.
You did? But is it okay for an experienced
wrestler to throw a complete novice?
They might take away my belt.
Huh?! That would be bad, wouldn't it?
I'd rather lose my belt
than see my kouhai get hurt.
I am your senpai, after all.
It's getting late. I'd better call Chief
and tell him we'll be going straight home.
Hello, Chief? It's Takeda.
Sorry for not calling you sooner.
We ran into a bit of trouble.
No, it wasn't work-related...
He may not see me as a real woman, but...
...he does care about me.
Kazama-kun!
Thanks for that wrong number call.
All I did was dial the wrong number.
Do you have any plans for tonight?
I was just going to go home
and play some video games.
Would you like to go out
for dinner together?
Oh, will Igarashi-chan also be joining us?
No. Futaba-chan's going straight
home from her client's office.
Do you like... ramen?
I love it!
All right, let's have ramen, then.
Okay.
"Soba and Udon"
We had to skip lunch today.
Yeah, I'm starving.
There you go!
Oh, finally!
But...
I guess even you can be
cool sometimes, Senpai.
I respect you just a teensy bit more now.
Well, Igarashi, I admit you are a woman,
a peculiar type of wo--
For such a little lady,
you pack quite a punch!
The "little" part was uncalled for!
"No running in the halls!"
"Illustration: Karameru"
"The End"